CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, before:

# Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct

## Our Pledge

We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our project and
our community a harassment‑free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size,
visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and
expression, level of experience, education, socio‑economic status, nationality,
personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming, diverse,
inclusive, and healthy community.

## Our Standards

Examples of behaviour that contributes to a positive environment for our community include:

- Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people.
- Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences.
- Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback.
- Accepting responsibility and apologising to those affected by our mistakes,
  and learning from the experience.
- Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the overall community.

Examples of unacceptable behaviour include:

- The use of sexualised language or imagery, and sexual attention or advances of any kind.
- Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks.
- Public or private harassment.
- Publishing others’ private information, such as a physical or email address,
  without their explicit permission.
- Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting.

## Enforcement Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of acceptable
behaviour and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any behaviour
that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments,
commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this
Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation decisions when appropriate.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all project spaces, and it also applies when an individual
is officially representing the project or its community in public spaces.  Examples of
representing our project include using an official project e‑mail address, posting via an
official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or
offline event.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behaviour may be reported to the
project maintainers responsible for enforcement at [your‑email@example.com](mailto:your-email@example.com).  All complaints will be
reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

All project maintainers are obligated to respect the privacy and security of the reporter of
any incident.

## Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the
[Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org), version 2.1,
available at <https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct.html>.

For answers to common questions about this code of conduct, see the
[FAQ](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/faq).  Translations are available at
<https://www.contributor-covenant.org/translations>.

Commit message:

docs: update contact email in code of conduct

CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, after:

# Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct

## Our Pledge

We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our project and
our community a harassment‑free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size,
visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and
expression, level of experience, education, socio‑economic status, nationality,
personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

We pledge to act and interact in ways that contribute to an open, welcoming, diverse,
inclusive, and healthy community.

## Our Standards

Examples of behaviour that contributes to a positive environment for our community include:

- Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people.
- Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences.
- Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback.
- Accepting responsibility and apologising to those affected by our mistakes,
  and learning from the experience.
- Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the overall community.

Examples of unacceptable behaviour include:

- The use of sexualised language or imagery, and sexual attention or advances of any kind.
- Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks.
- Public or private harassment.
- Publishing others’ private information, such as a physical or email address,
  without their explicit permission.
- Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting.

## Enforcement Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of acceptable
behaviour and will take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any behaviour
that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments,
commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this
Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for moderation decisions when appropriate.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all project spaces, and it also applies when an individual
is officially representing the project or its community in public spaces.  Examples of
representing our project include using an official project e‑mail address, posting via an
official social media account, or acting as an appointed representative at an online or
offline event.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behaviour may be reported to the
project maintainers responsible for enforcement at [yxantoine.dev@proton.melto:xantoine.dev@proton.me).  All complaints will be
reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

All project maintainers are obligated to respect the privacy and security of the reporter of
any incident.

## Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the
[Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org), version 2.1,
available at <https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct.html>.

For answers to common questions about this code of conduct, see the
[FAQ](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/faq).  Translations are available at
<https://www.contributor-covenant.org/translations>.
